Update README.md for llava (#5489)
ggml-org/llama.cpp: examples/llava/README.md

Now both the LLaMA part and the image encoder is in the `llava-v1.5-7b` directory.

## LLaVA 1.6 gguf conversion

> 1) Backup your pth/safetensor model files as llava-surgery modifies them
> 2) Use `python llava-surgery-v2.py -C -m /path/to/hf-model` which also supports llava-1.5 variants pytorch as well as safetensor models:
> - you will find a llava.projector and a llava.clip file in your model directory
> 3) copy the llava.clip file into a subdirectory (like vit), rename it to pytorch_model.bin and add a fitting vit configuration to the directory (https://huggingface.co/cmp-nct/llava-1.6-gguf/blob/main/config.json)
> 4) Create the visual gguf model: `python ./examples/llava/convert-image-encoder-to-gguf.py -m ../path/to/vit --llava-projector ../path/to/llava.projector --output-dir ../path/to/output --clip_model_is_vision`
> - This is similar to llava-1.5, the difference is that we tellt he encoder that we are working with the pure vision model part of CLIP
> 5) Everything else as usual: convert.py the hf model, quantize as needed
> **note** llava-1.6 needs more context than llava-1.5, at least 3000 is needed (just run it at -c 4096)
> **note** llava-1.6 greatly benefits from batched prompt processing (defaults work)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) Backup your pth/safetensor model files as llava-surgery modifies them
2) Use `python llava-surgery-v2.py -C -m /path/to/hf-model` which also supports llava-1.5 variants pytorch as well as safetensor models:
- you will find a llava.projector and a llava.clip file in your model directory
3) Copy the llava.clip file into a subdirectory (like vit), rename it to pytorch_model.bin and add a fitting vit configuration to the directory (https://huggingface.co/cmp-nct/llava-1.6-gguf/blob/main/config.json)
4) Create the visual gguf model: `python ./examples/llava/convert-image-encoder-to-gguf.py -m ../path/to/vit --llava-projector ../path/to/llava.projector --output-dir ../path/to/output --clip_model_is_vision`
- This is similar to llava-1.5, the difference is that we tell the encoder that we are working with the pure vision model part of CLIP
5) Everything else as usual: convert.py the hf model, quantize as needed
**note** llava-1.6 needs more context than llava-1.5, at least 3000 is needed (just run it at -c 4096)
**note** llava-1.6 greatly benefits from batched prompt processing (defaults work)
```
